Of course he can't bully me
Except he's your sister
Now I've taken his place
Of course you have to step on him under your feet
Brother Zhao Xiaoyue, the poor ghost
He used to dump the water I hadn't finished drinking.
Just to sell some money
And he often steals from me
outrageous
Take care of this bitch Xiaoyue, see if I don't kill him
elder brother
Then I don't have to be so angry about your bitch
only
Said he seemed to have won a scholarship of 100,000 yuan
Mom?
Can you ask the school to cancel his scholarship?
A person with corrupt conduct like Shangxiaoyue
I don't deserve a scholarship at all
I guess you're right.
Zhao Qianyue's character is indeed corrupt
It's the last time Zhao Xiaoyue came
Almost stole the lady's necklace
Good mother promised
The principal took back what he gave to Zhao Xiaoyue